[Documentation] Note about changes related to upgrade to GridBundle 1.10 (#12881)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/customization/grid.rst

.. include:: /customization/plugins.rst.inc

Changes related to upgrade to GridBundle 1.10
---------------------------------------------

> In SyliusGridBundle all grids has options `fetch_join_collection` and `use_output_walkers` enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the SyliusGridBundle v1.10, all grids has options `fetch_join_collection` and `use_output_walkers` enabled by default.
```

.. include:: /customization/plugins.rst.inc

> Disabling `fetch join collection` and output walkers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes related to upgrade to GridBundle 1.10
```

----------------------------------------------------

> In all Grids by default option `fetch_join_collection` and `use_output_walkers` are enabled, if you want to disable it, you should past following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In SyliusGridBundle all grids has options `fetch_join_collection` and `use_output_walkers` enabled by default. According to our research it may fix a lot of pagination issues and improve big-database performance(1M+ rows) up to 70%, but with the price of more queries required to be performed. If this trade-off is not worth it for you, you may disable it by using the following configuration snippet:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    # config/packages/_sylius.yaml

> 
> Current configuration for extension with alias "sylius_grid"
> ============================================================
> 
> .. code-block:: yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
